Modify the description of the HTML filtering rules (#264)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

$$script[tag-content="banner"]
```

#### `wildcard`

:::caution Deprecation notice

> The use of this special attribute is deprecated in favor of the `:contains()` pseudo-class.

Reviewer: but it is not deprecated for the extension yet

Author: @ameshkov What if we remove the deprecation notices until all products implement the new syntax?

Reviewer 2: The version numbers where support will be discontinued can be specified.

Author: I've reworded these notices.

It will check, if the code of element contains two consecutive substrings `banner` and `text`.

> #### `max-length`

Reviewer 3: @ngorskikh we should add a deprecation notice here as well.

These custom attributes violate the CSS semantics and we'd better get rid of them.

```
This rule will remove all the `div` elements, whose code contains the substring `banner` and the length of which does not exceed `400` characters.

> #### `min-length`

Reviewer 3: Also need a deprecation notice here

This rule will remove all the `div` elements, whose code contains the substring `banner` and the length of which exceeds `400` characters.

### Pseudo-classes

#### `:contains()`

##### Syntax
```
:contains(unquoted text)
```
or
```
:contains(/reg(ular )?ex(pression)?/)
```

:::note Compatibility

> `:-abp-contains()` and `:has-text()` are synonyms for `:contains()`.

Reviewer 4: why does this string have a Compatibility admonition?

Author: It's about compatibility with other ad blockers' syntax. What is the correct title for this kind of card?

:::

:::info Compatibility

> The `:contains()` pseudo-class is supported by AdGuard for Windows, Mac, and Android, **running CoreLibs version 1.13 or later**.

Reviewer 4: here it's more appopriate

:::

> Requires that the element's inner HTML contains the specified text or matches the specified regular expression.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Requires that the inner HTML of the element contains the specified text or matches the specified regular expression.
```

> As with the `tag-content` and `wildcard` attributes, specifying a `:contains()` pseudo-class on a non-leaf selector is not supported.

Reviewer 3: Could you please add a warning admonition here? This one's a pretty serious limitation.
